src/content/introduction.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Welcome to Welsh Street

Welcome to Welsh Street - the world's first DeFi protocol built specifically to boost Bitcoin's first dog coin: WELSH. Just as Wall Street drives traditional finance, Welsh Street creates a new economic engine that transforms a beloved community meme token into a productive *decentralized* financial asset.

## Built for Bitcoin's First Dog

WELSH opened Bitcoin to meme coin culture as the first community token on Stacks blockchain. Now, Welsh Street opens WELSH to a sophisticated DeFi economy including yield farming, long term rewards, arbitrage opportunities and fun, daily community participation.

Welsh Street  is the next step forward ensuring Bitcoin's beloved first dog meme has the economic infrastructure and economy it deserves.

<Callout type="warning" emoji="">
  <div style={{ textAlign: 'center' }}>Web2 had Wall Street <br/> Web3 has Welsh Street</div>
</Callout>

## Welsh Street Exchange

The Welsh Street Exchange represents a paradigm shift in DeFi meme coins - moving from singular tokens traded on multi-token exchanges to a *purpose-built exchange* where only two tokens are traded: The base token WELSH and the rewards token STREET. 

### STREET

STREET is the rewards token of the Welsh Street Exchange. To earn STREET rewards users visit the exchange, swap WELSH for STREET in the liquidity pool and receive CREDIT, the LP token.

### CREDIT

Holding CREDIT entitles users to harvest WELSH and STREET rewards. CREDIT is also a standard SIP-010 token meaning it is transferable and can be trading in future liquidity pools and secondary markets.

Rewards are generated from trading activity on the exchange. Additional STREET rewards are also minted directed to the rewards contracts from STREET emissions.

There are no time-locks, no staking contracts, no locking tokens, and no need to withdrawal LP tokens to realize gains.  Users can claim rewards as often as they like and whenever they want.

![WELSH on WELSH STREET](/wall-STREET-lb.png)

## Welsh Economic Flywheel

The Welsh Street Exchange isn't designed just to create another trading venue. The design intention is to create an economic engine for WELSH. This flywheel consists of Utility Activation, Market Dynamics, Economic Expansion and best of all Community Participation.

### Utility Activation

Utility Activation begins as idle WELSH is paired with STREET to obtain CREDIT. Holding CREDIT entitles users to earn yield from trading fees on the exchange. STREET rewards are also emitted directed to the rewards contract for CREDIT holders to harvest.

### Market Dynamics

Market Dynamics form as users sell STREET to monetize their rewards. With the only liquidity available being WELSH / STREET, selling STREET puts buy pressure on WELSH. The buy pressure drives the price of WELSH up,  which creates arbitrage opportunities and attracts traders, both humans and agents.

### Economic Expansion

As users continue to earn rewards and monetize STREET through WELSH buys on the Welsh Street Exchange, users may further monetize their earned WELSH by trading WELSH on other exchanges in the Stacks ecosystem.

This economic expansion drives volume and increases the arbitrage opportunities. Trading WELSH generates volume and fees. Trading WELSH also grows price deltas between exchanges, which attracts more traders and further increases the volume and fees. 

### Community Participation

Utility activation, market dynamics, and economic expansion all increase the trading activity for WELSH. Most importantly the Welsh Street Exchange creates exposure for the Welsh Community and allows new users to participate in the WELSH economy. As trading volume grows, participation grows. As participation grows, the Welsh Community grows. As the Welsh Community grows WELSH grows and the flywheel continues to spin.

## We Welsh

In the crypto world there's a famous saying: WAGMI meaning we're all going to make it. In the Welsh community, we agree, but we also have a saying which is cleaner, more direct, and captures the ethos of a truly winning community. 

We Welsh!

Commit message:

Enhance documentation and styling for WELSH STREET project
- Updated CSS for table hover effects to improve visual distinction for advantages and disadvantages.
- Modified community metadata for clarity on terminology.
- Expanded community section in documentation to detail the ethos and challenges of community coins.
- Added comprehensive security audit report for the WELSH STREET ecosystem, detailing findings and compliance.
- Introduced Genesis contract documentation outlining the Liquidity Generation Event process.
- Removed outdated testnet documentation and refined introduction and solution sections for better clarity and engagement.
- Updated WELSH Corgi Coin documentation to emphasize its Bitcoin-native architecture and community ownership.

src/content/introduction.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Welcome to Welsh Street

Welcome to Welsh Street - the world's first DeFi protocol built specifically to boost Bitcoin's first dog coin: WELSH. Just as Wall Street drives traditional finance, Welsh Street creates a new economic engine that transforms a beloved community meme token into a productive *decentralized* financial asset.

## Bitcoin's First Dog

WELSH opened Bitcoin to meme coin culture as the first community token on Stacks blockchain. Now, Welsh Street opens WELSH to a sophisticated DeFi economy including yield farming, long term rewards, arbitrage opportunities and fun, daily community participation.

Welsh Street  is the next step forward ensuring Bitcoin's beloved first dog meme has the economic infrastructure and economy it deserves.

<Callout type="warning" emoji="">
  <div style={{ textAlign: 'center' }}>Web2 had Wall Street <br/> Web3 has Welsh Street</div>
</Callout>

## Welsh Street Exchange

The Welsh Street Exchange represents a paradigm shift in DeFi meme coins - moving from singular tokens traded on multi-token exchanges to a *purpose-built exchange* where only two tokens are traded: The base token WELSH and the rewards token STREET. 

### STREET

STREET is the rewards token of the Welsh Street Exchange. To earn STREET rewards users visit the exchange, swap WELSH for STREET in the liquidity pool and receive CREDIT, the LP token. STREET emissions are minted directed to the rewards contract where CREDIT holders may claim them.

### CREDIT

Holding CREDIT entitles users to harvest WELSH and STREET rewards that accrue in the rewards contract. Both WELSH and STREET rewards are generated from trading activity on the exchange. CREDIT is also a standard SIP-010 token meaning it is transferable and can be trading in future liquidity pools and secondary markets.

There are no time-locks, no staking contracts, no locking tokens, and no need to withdrawal LP tokens to claim rewards.  Users can claim rewards as often as they like and whenever they want.

![WELSH on WELSH STREET](/wall-STREET-lb.png)

## Welsh Economic Flywheel

The Welsh Street Exchange isn't designed just to create another trading venue. The design intention is to create an economic engine for WELSH. This flywheel consists of Utility Activation, Market Dynamics, Economic Expansion and best of all Community Participation.

### Utility Activation

Utility Activation begins as idle WELSH is paired with STREET to obtain CREDIT. Holding CREDIT entitles users to earn yield from trading fees on the exchange. STREET rewards are also emitted directed to the rewards contract for CREDIT holders to harvest.

### Market Dynamics

Market Dynamics form as users sell STREET to monetize their rewards. With the only liquidity available being WELSH / STREET, selling STREET puts buy pressure on WELSH. The buy pressure drives the price of WELSH up,  which creates arbitrage opportunities and attracts traders, both humans and agents.

### Economic Expansion

As users continue to earn rewards and monetize STREET through WELSH buys on the Welsh Street Exchange, users may further monetize their earned WELSH by trading WELSH on other exchanges in the Stacks ecosystem.

This economic expansion drives volume and increases the arbitrage opportunities. Trading WELSH generates volume and fees. Trading WELSH also grows price deltas between exchanges, which attracts more traders and further increases the volume and fees. 

### Community Participation

Utility activation, market dynamics, and economic expansion all increase the trading activity for WELSH. Most importantly the Welsh Street Exchange creates exposure for the Welsh Community and allows new users to participate in the WELSH economy. As trading volume grows, participation grows. As participation grows, the Welsh Community grows. As the Welsh Community grows WELSH grows and the flywheel continues to spin.

## We Welsh

In the crypto world there's a famous saying: WAGMI meaning we're all going to make it. In the Welsh community, we agree, but we also have a saying which is cleaner, more direct, and captures the ethos of a truly winning community. 

> We Welsh!
